check it out guys today marks December
1st and the next month I'll be taking
orders for custom prints I know most of
you guys are familiar that I offered
this throughout the past couple years
but I had to slow things down as long as
I went off to school but I'll be home
for Christmas vacation in the next
couple of weeks and I'll start taking
orders now so once I get home I'll be
able to process them and ship them out
to you guys it's limited to a few
different types of stickers mostly just
thermals an inkjet vinyl I can't screen
print right now unfortunately but with
the other stuff I have available I'll
come up with some specials and little
discounts or whatever to get you guys to
order now as well as just more of these
kind of types so I'll have the different
options in the description of the video
as well as there be the only ones
available on my website also have a few
options that are new though new options
basically I have thermal rolls that I
kind of just disregarded using in the
past but I figured I could actually sell
them as a bulk whole so if you want to
get a full roll of stickers that has
like adjust your design on it and it's
rolled back up because the way they're
rolled is pretty inefficient for me to
actually print on now compared to the
fan fold so that being said if you want
to buy a full roll those will be
available and they're a lot cheaper as
it's just straight up I print your
design straight through re-roll them and
that isn't what it is
so I also have my other options the 3 by
4 and 4 by 6 are the ones that will be
cut down the 4 by 8 and 4 by 6 they'll
just be printed in left kind of braided
together along like a big string kind of
like a you know old-school like tickets
to give you an idea what those look like
everything in the background of this
video is old examples of custom prints
have made for people everything gets
packaged up and you get actually a
little sticker pack that's like 10 or 20
other stickers from other artists and
previous orders just to spread those
around as they have a better use in your
hands to mind piling those up as they're
basically just all like one offs but if
you have any like strict questions about
it all
orders will be processed first most
likely if you have to mail money
basically what you have to do is you'll
have to email me at the email in the
description and I will take the orders
there we can set up the order as normal
and you can mail the cash that works
fine but that will be ending like when I
get home so if you haven't set the money
in time I can't wait around for the
extra five or six days it takes to ship
the money to me and waste that time in
the hopes that the money in the case
that the money doesn't get to me by the
time I stop printing in because this is
only going to be available through the
month of December that being said I will
then take up more orders once I get back
from school but there'll be another
break and that's unfortunate but it has
to be the way it is I definitely don't
have enough time to post videos let
alone fill all these custom orders so
it's just kind of what has to happen if
you have any like further questions mail
orders are accepted you can send check
checks or cash or even like mail orders
so whatever works for you
PayPal card are accepted through my
online store and it's pretty simple you
just check out through there you email
me your design and I have everything
from that point and then everything will
begin shipping hopefully the fifteenth
is when I'll start making the orders and
shipping them out and it's first-come
first-served so if you get your order in
first you'll be one of the first orders
to be processed and shipped out from
there it is Christmas time so shipping
through everybody will be a little
slower just because they get so many
more packages about this time of the
year so that being said if it takes a
little longer to get you the stickers
just know that ahead of time all
stickers will be sent out by the end of
the month so that's the timeframe you
will have them before then basically
that being said I just will not be
processing your orders until I'm
actually home I'm just opening it up
ahead of time so you guys can get your
stuff to me I can get it all worked out
so if there are any issues between the
design and stuff there's not a lot of
lag time and you missing out kind of
thing if you need a rework your design
or something so that being said if you
have any question
about anything else be sure to hit me up
in the comments down below or send me an
email I'll be answering them over the
next couple days it'll be a little slow
here and there but I hope to answer them
every email every like two or three days
at the least so if you have a question
to shoot it there or the comments
section and plenty of people have
ordered prints through me so maybe
somebody can go through there and if you
see a question you can answer help out
there that being said if you want to get
on the custom print order it's somewhat
limited and if you have kind of a
specialty or a larger order please hit
me up ahead of time as stock is a little
limited so if I end up selling out of
everything I have there's a chance that
it'll end that way so if you have a huge
order just hit me up and we'll be sure
to work things out
any other questions hit me up in the
other places it's gonna do it for me
hopefully you guys are excited about
this and I have actually a few more
videos filmed that'll be released over
the next couple days as well so enjoy
those and that's going to do for me